Add array binding tutorial for client-side forms (#1296)
vaadin/flow-and-components-documentation: documentation/client-side-forms/tutorial-binding-arrays.asciidoc

---
title: Binding Arrays
order: 6
layout: page
---

= Binding Arrays

This article explains working with arrays when building TypeScript form views using client-side form binding.

Let us consider a form for the Java bean of this structure:

.Group.java
[source, java]
----
public class Group {
    public Person[] getPeople() {
        ...
    }

    public void setPeople(Person[] people) {
        ...
    }
}
----

== Repeating the array item template

A common need behind working with arrays is to iterate the items and stamp a template for every item.

With client-side form binding, the array models are iterable. You can iterate the array model directly, there is no need to get the value of the array.

> When iterating an array model, you receive a child item binder node, which provide both the item `model` and `value` inside the loop respectively.

Reviewer: I think it would be easier to read if it was:  
"you receive a binder node for the child item" instead of  
"you receive a child item binder node"

Also "which provide" should be "which provides"
```suggestion
When iterating an array model, you receive a binder node for the child item, which provides both the item `model` and `value` inside the loop respectively.
```
